great victory of the villarreal in the
new stadium arcángel before the córdoba
by 0 goals to 2 the Andalusian table follows
without achieving the triumph and that what
He tried but he found a real day
with many novelties in the eleven but that
it was better more consistent and it ended
having the right
necessary above all to get
win the game a goal in the first
half and one goal in the second of
set of marcelino garcía toral
party that yes in some phases very
competed between two teams that searched
the rival goal but not generated
too much danger this one of the
first shots on goal in the start
of the meeting
miroslav djukic who looked at him from
the technical area with concern watching
as the villarreal began to arrive with
danger and indeed the visitor box
would get the first goal of the game in
the 24 minute excellent the play of
tcheryshev
that gets in the area gets center
to stop the ball with the leg
left back to the goal to
luciano I pour and hit with the right to
Finish with the right and the young
Argentine scored the first goal of the
match one of the best by the way
open luciano of this meeting of the
thirteenth day excellent the
resolution of the play for the
villarreal
that was ahead in the score
when nothing important had happened
still in the encounter the replica by
now the shot was immediate
tequilas in Algerian at minute 25 1
after the goal scored by luciano
excellent bieto the intervention of
Asenjo who ends up catching in two
time
still in the first period the córdoba
looking to open the field with a
activismo fede cartabia
a play that would end with this shot
above
abel gomez
there we see how it reaches the ball
from within the faith area of ​​Cartaya and
how abel hits with left leg
looking for the squad we are in the
second period the Cameroonian entered
come to the field and see this
theft of the ball
and it would end
a long play on the part of the
visitors and with this shot
from jonathan dos santos that ends
catching the goalkeeper Juan Carlos
corner by the villarreal the value
within the area
Soriano's attempt to shoot prefers
play me again reach the ball
soriano who ends up sending the ball to
the right was the second half with
many alternatives
and just when
I was suffering a little bit the
villarreal would end up arriving 0 to 2
suffering because the córdoba tried
Above all, it was ruled out that
so extraordinary of the loaned player
for the valence looking for the wall and
just throwing that yes with little angle to the
asenjo body what could be
been 1 to 1 we would go to 0 to 2
incredible the goal of uche can not be
believe try to touch the ball with your foot
gives the impression that to stop the ball
to stop the ball but he gets a
finish that sneaks through the squadron of
the goal
by juan carlos is an incredible goal with
the one that the Villarreal would close the party
although there was a lot left, it was wine
minute 25 of the second half
and the marker is no longer move as well
would end the game at the end whistles in the
place can help still does not win the
córdoba córdoba 0 villarreal 2